very good girls very good guys I am
decree we are in a new news and
The first thing I have to say is that
when the river sounds water it carries and it is that
good spoken and nintendo has spoken for
say it is not aware of what
I will comment below and that is
a group of hackers a team called
team we have deciphered and good according to
has said in a statement that it has
deciphered the will you code and that
the hacked in all its glory according to
this statement have made it clear that they have
deciphered the system's reader
files and everything necessary to be able
load backups
Edwin
so that this team is a total success
I have to say that good because he enjoys
fairly good reputation and it's a new
product will be called wiki and an emulator
of willy reader that will allow the
security charges through a
External USB device on the other hand
nintendo does not boast that your console
has been hacked and according to the company and
I quote verbatim says the following
we are as we are aware that a
group of hackers claims to have
committed to the security of wiiu without
However, we do not have reports that
confirm this information , neither of
that you can load copies or
illegal applications in the system
nintendo continuously monitors all
the security threats of their
products and we will use technology and
we will take the necessary legal measures
to prevent piracy
that is, this group of hackers has
announced news in the next
dates
and good
the truth is that nintendo then now
are as same as an earthquake this
It has fallen like a jug of cold water in
those in the nintendo company and now
it will be trying to figure out because
what is really happening so
well let's hope that this honestly
under my point of view it does not happen or be
that can not be hacked though strong
you know how the subject is but
honestly and if you ask me tight
you would like them to pirate
I honestly would not like that
could you really hack me
I wish you could pirate any
console is actually current generation
and none of my consoles has fallen in
no one's hands to be modified anymore
I have the consoles completely
intact from the first day that the
I bought I always preferred to have a
perfectly legal console to say it
somehow and since if what
had what they would have to do is
after trying to lower the cost of
the games not for what to try not
get more attention but good and
exists in the import pages
so that in some way that's a
part is not another video but
that in some way because this influences
also in the pockets and there in those
pages you can buy the games a lot
cheaper and not resort to piracy
that is my opinion and good we see ourselves in
the next one a hug to all and up
the next